Functor documentation and a conversion utility (#24494)
idaholab/moose: framework/doc/content/syntax/Functions/index.md

using a templated `valueInternal()` function with virtual `value()` forwarders.

### Functions as Functors

Functions are [Functors](syntax/Functors/index.md). Functors are an abstraction, a base class, for
objects that can compute values at a location in space and time.

As `Functors`, they may be specified to objects such as the

> [FunctorElementalAux.md] in their functor argument. This vastly expands the number

Author: ```suggestion
[FunctorElementalAux.md] in their [!param](/AuxKernels/FunctorElementalAux/functor) parameter. This vastly expands the number
```

of objects that can use `Functions` to compute spatial quantities.

!alert note
When making a new object using `Functions` to contribute back to MOOSE,
we ask that you consider using [Functors](syntax/Functors/index.md) instead

> to naturally enable its use with variables and functor material properties.

Reviewer: Very nice note

Reviewer 2: Yeah, it's mainly something we need to communicate to reviewers.
